[CON-937] feat: Add Ampersand GitHub Action for Deployments (#1)
amp-labs/cli-action: README.md

amp-github-action
GitHub Action for deploying Ampersand integrations

This GitHub Action allows you to automate the deployment of Ampersand integrations directly from your GitHub workflows. It enables you to run the amp deploy command in a CI/CD pipeline, making it easy for Ampersand customers to deploy their integrations automatically.

## Prerequisites

> 1. You must have an [Ampersand](https://console.withampersand.com) account and access to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You must have an [Ampersand](https://dashboard.withampersand.com) account and an Ampersand project.
```

> 2. Set up an API key for your project. You can generate the API key from the Ampersand dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up an API key for your project. You can generate the API key from the [Ampersand dashboard](https://dashboard.withampersand.com/projects/_/api-keys). Be sure to select "Server or CLI" when prompted with "Where will you use the API key?"
```

3. Store your API key in GitHub Secrets (e.g., `AMP_API_KEY`).

> 4. Get the project ID from the Ampersand dashboard and store it in GitHub Secrets (e.g., `AMP_PROJECT_ID`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Get your project ID from the [Ampersand dashboard](https://dashboard.withampersand.com/projects/_/settings) and store it in GitHub Secrets (e.g., `AMP_PROJECT_ID`).
```

> ## How to Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to use the Github Action
```

> ### Step 1: Add the Action to Your Workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Add the Action to your Workflow
```

Add this action to your GitHub workflow by referencing it in your `.github/workflows/your-workflow.yml` file. 

Here's an example workflow that deploys an Ampersand integration when code is pushed to the main branch:

````yaml
name: Deploy Ampersand Integration

on:
 
  push:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - name: Checkout repository
        uses: actions/checkout@v3

>       - name: Run Amp Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - name: Deploy to Ampersand
```

>         uses: amp-labs/amp-action@main

Reviewer: I've rename the repo, so you'll have to update this name.

        with:

>           API_key: ${{ secrets.AMP_API_KEY }}

Reviewer: is there a reason why `key` is lower case and not capital?

Author: it's a mistake. i'll fix it.

          PROJECT_ID: ${{ secrets.AMP_PROJECT_ID }}

>           DIRECTORY_PATH: "path/to/integration/"    #  Path to the amp.yml file. If not provided, the action will look for the amp.yml file in the root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          DIRECTORY_PATH: "path/to/integration/"    #  Path to a folder with the amp.yml file. If not provided, the action will use the root directory.
```
